README.md, before:

# Udacity Version Control Project (README.md)
> This **pdsnd_github** REPOSITORY is created for the purpose of the Udacity Version Control course Project.

# Project Objective
The project objective is to demonstrate the following course related aspects of:
1. Create a repository.
fork and copy locally _bikeshare.py_ (=fork), and add _.gitignore_ (to exclude data file from version control tracking). This is to avoid sharing data publicly.
2. Copy the repository on github.
3. Create a **"documentation"** _branch_. Work on doc using README file. And pushback changes on github.
4. Create a **"refactoring"** _branch_. To improve\refactor the code (readability aspect).
5. Merge a and b on the master branch. pdf git command documentation ([merge-url]).
6. Upload the merged branch to github.
7. Submit the template based all commands used for the project ([init-template]).

## Repository content
* This REPOSITORY contains one python code, and its related DATA files.  
* This REPOSITORY also contains this README.md and a .gitignore file.

### Project python code & Data installation and Execution
The python code in use in this Project is **_bikeshare.py_** and this REPOSITORY has 3 data files for 3 Cities (Chicago, NYC, and Washingtown). For the **_bikeshare.py_** code execution, the cities .csv data files must be located in the folder **_bikeshare.py_** is located too.
The code installation requires padas to be installed:
```
pip install pandas 
```
The code is executed as such:
```
python bikeshare.py
```
Considering those DATA files being located in the same directory:
```
chicago.csv
new_york_city.csv
washington.csv
```

## Project Workspace
* [url-ProjectWorkSpace] ([url-ProjectWorkSpace]).

## My Project References
* My google drive copy: My Google drive ([MyGoogleDrive]).
* My GitHub page: My GitHub page ([MyGitHubPage]).

### Credits
* [md checker] - https://dillinger.io/
* BikeShare.py code ([BykeShareCode]).

[merge-url]: <https://video.udacity-data.com/topher/2020/March/5e7cf0be_git-commands-documentation/git-commands-documentation.pdf>
[init-template]: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DoNBEQJyGHi0qAWpMpQM9lU9_VKh8ubdOY2BmKdvZcc/copy>
[MyGoogleDrive]: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a0LnRPdQLsbfQNYX6TbFlB4Ti-DSvleTSkquP6ZZEbc/edit#heading=h.oe92ef9ki98r>
[MyGitHubPage]: <https://github.com/philippedehoux>
[url-ProjectWorkSpace]: <https://help.github.com/articles/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/>
[BykeShareCode]: <https://github.com/m23sawant/US-Bikeshare-Data/blob/master/bikeshare.py>

### Date created
This Project REPOSITORY has been created the 11 of May 2024.

### Notes
README.md changed in branch documentation
          other change in branch documentation

### Refactoring section comments
Add refactoring comments section
Refactoring comment

Commit message:

docs: Updated README.md on objectives and status.
* Used https://dillinger.io/ to validated the changes on README.md
* Added a known issues section.
* Complete the Project Objective section with added pt 8 on commit messages.
* Rephrased some sentencies for readability improvement.
* Re-structure the Notes section.

Bug fix: #123

README.md, after:

# Udacity Version Control Project (README.md)
> This **pdsnd_github** REPOSITORY is created for the purpose of the Udacity Version Control course Project.

# Project Objective
The project objective is to demonstrate the following course related aspects of:
1. Create a local repository:
fork and copy locally _bikeshare.py_ (=fork), and create _.gitignore_ (to exclude data files from version control tracking). This is to avoid sharing data publicly.
2. Copy the created repository on github.
3. Create a **"documentation"** _branch_. Work on doc using README file. And pushback changes on github.
4. Create a **"refactoring"** _branch_. To improve\refactor the code (readability aspect).
5. Merge a and b on the master branch. pdf git command documentation ([merge-url]).
6. Upload the merged branch to github.
7. Submit the template based all commands used for the project ([init-template]).
8. Acquire "Udacity Git Commit Message Style Guide" capabilities to commit with type/subject; body, and footer.

## Repository content
* This REPOSITORY contains one python code, and its related DATA files.
* This REPOSITORY also contains this README.md and a .gitignore file.

### Project python code & Data installation and Execution
The python code in use in this Project is **_bikeshare.py_** and this REPOSITORY has 3 data files for 3 Cities (Chicago, NYC, and Washingtown). For the **_bikeshare.py_** code execution, the cities .csv data files must be located in the folder **_bikeshare.py_** is located too.
The code installation requires padas to be installed:
```
pip install pandas
```
The code is executed as such:
```
python bikeshare.py
```
Considering those DATA files being located in the same directory bikeshare.py is:
```
chicago.csv
new_york_city.csv
washington.csv
```

## Project Workspace
* [url-ProjectWorkSpace] ([url-ProjectWorkSpace]).

## My Project References
* My google drive copy: My Google drive ([MyGoogleDrive]).
* My GitHub page: My GitHub page ([MyGitHubPage]).

### Credits
* [md checker] - https://dillinger.io/
* BikeShare.py code ([BykeShareCode]).

[merge-url]: <https://video.udacity-data.com/topher/2020/March/5e7cf0be_git-commands-documentation/git-commands-documentation.pdf>
[init-template]: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DoNBEQJyGHi0qAWpMpQM9lU9_VKh8ubdOY2BmKdvZcc/copy>
[MyGoogleDrive]: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a0LnRPdQLsbfQNYX6TbFlB4Ti-DSvleTSkquP6ZZEbc/edit#heading=h.oe92ef9ki98r>
[MyGitHubPage]: <https://github.com/philippedehoux>
[url-ProjectWorkSpace]: <https://help.github.com/articles/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/>
[BykeShareCode]: <https://github.com/m23sawant/US-Bikeshare-Data/blob/master/bikeshare.py>

### Date created
This Project REPOSITORY has been created the 11 of May 2024.

### Notes
* README.md changed in branch documentation
* other change in branch documentation
* Add refactoring comments section
* Refactoring comment

### Known issues
The bikeshare.py can be improved on ctrl^ C resistance.
The code is working, and it has been tested after major changes and before push.
